in today's video we will be going
through the 2008 psychological thriller
film the happening sport is ahead you
have been warned make sure to give this
video a thumbs up comment on what your
favorite part was and subscribe to our
channel for more
at the beginning of the movie we see two
girls presumably friends sitting on a
park bench reading then a series of
unusual events unfold as everyone in the
busy park starts playing a game of
freeze and melt they might be about to
perform a flash mob we don't know for
sure but all of them stop abruptly at
the same time one of the girls is as
confused as us but the other seems to be
a part of the flash mob she asks what
page she was on takes off her hair stick
maybe to somehow use it to find the page
she was on no actually she instead uses
it to stab herself in the neck precisely
three blocks away from the park is a
construction site suddenly a worker
falls from the top of the building his
friends who see this call the ambulance
and hang up the phone when another
worker falls from the top
then a third fourth fifth it almost
seems like a mass suicide prank but it's
not somewhere else a high school biology
teacher named elliott moore informs his
students about the sudden disappearance
of a large percentage of bees from the
environment he asks the class for their
theories i personally think it was
because of aliens who plan to attack the
humans when they are weakened by the
lack of vegetation caused by the absence
of bees but elliott students think it's
plano global warming and pollution what
boring people eliot is then summoned by
the school's principal who has also
called all the other teachers to inform
them about the strange mass suicides
happening throughout new york city when
the class is over elliot gets to know
about the evacuation that has been
implemented basically the government
wants to send people away from the city
until they figure out what is happening
and what they can do to stop what is
happening smart move on their end
sometimes they care about people elliot
reaches home where he meets his wife
amamor who is watching the news it says
the government assumes it is a terrorist
attack they might have spread some gas
that makes people irrational and
suicidal the morris planned to take the
next train to philadelphia with
elliott's friend julian his wife and his
daughter jess as elliott goes to pack
his bags for the trip alma gets a call
from someone named joey and hurriedly
declines it oh we know what that means
someone hasn't been faithful to their
husband now the two are at grand central
waiting for their train with julian and
jess alma argues with elliott for
telling julian about their argument and
elliot tells julian about the fight he
just caused a vicious cycle but we know
that the moors's relationship is going
down they leave on a fully packed train
without julian's wife who got stuck in
the traffic the scene changes to another
of traffic in philadelphia where we see
a police officer shoot himself dead in
the middle of the heavily jammed road
one would think people around will come
to his aid and they do but only to take
his gun and kill themselves this is also
assumed to be the effect of the
terrorist inflicted toxin in the air my
two cents on it no terrorists yes aliens
the scene again changes to the train
which is so packed that elliot and alma
have to sit separately convenient for
alma because she quickly calls joey and
asks him to stop calling her according
to her they only had tiramisu that one
time is that a new slang for hooking up
everyone on their phone suddenly starts
panicking when they find out that
philadelphia also has been attacked by
the aliens i mean terrorists julian's
wife's whereabouts are unknown so his
daughter jess is worried suddenly the
train stops on its tracks literally the
people get out and see they are not
where they were supposed to stop but
instead in a small town named filbert in
philadelphia no one knows what is
happening the trains driver trains pilot
the person in charge of the train tells
them that they have lost all contact
with basically everyone outside so they
cannot go further the town's little
diner is flooded with customers alma is
waiting in a long line to go to the
restroom elliot gives little jess his
energy ring to make her happy a random
woman shows elliot a video of a man
offering his arm to a lion the lion
bites it off and eventually eats the
whole man a good conversation starter
these kinds of activities are now
happening all over the northeast states
everyone in the diner watches the tv
when the news reported claims looking at
the area affected the possibility of it
being a terrorist attack is less likely
one word three syllables alien
the diner is dead silent when one man
claims that the mass suicide doesn't
seem to be happening 90 miles from the
town not a single person questions him
and all of them run outside in search of
a vehicle to drive 90 miles away the
person could have been bluffing to get
to the front of the washroom line but
let's just go with it elliot finds a
vehicle for them but julian wants to
save his wife in princeton so he hands
his daughter to the two and drives away
in another car the couple who is giving
elliot and alma the ride first go to
their house to collect supplies the man
owns a nursery and claims that the
suicide toxin is produced by plants but
he also talks to his plants wishing them
goodbye so i don't know if they can
trust him even oma thinks he's crazy
meanwhile julian and the group he took a
ride with finally reach princeton and
see several people hanging on tree
branches a woman rightfully so starts to
scream and julian gives her some math
puzzles to calm her down and does it
work kind of but i wouldn't use math to
calm people he then notices a tear in
the jeep's roof through which air can
pass in soon they are all affected by
the toxin the man driving the car hits a
tree in front and is thrown out wear
your seat belts julian is fine he has no
injury from the accident but he is not
really fine because his brain is all
scrambled from all the toxins in the air
so he steps out of the car sits on the
ground and slits his wrist poor jess
elliot and the group unknown to julian's
fate keep on driving but see several
dead bodies on the way ahead so they
take another way however a military
person named oster stops them claiming
that everyone in that direction is
infected they still have two paths they
can go but before they can even start
the journey more cars come their way
from all directions saying that no place
is safe the large group decides what
they have to do now oster uses his
military position to his advantage and
declares himself the leader of the group
he decides they should stay together and
go to a safe house nearby the others
have no reason to disagree they do not
know what is going on
neither does oster but someone has to
take the initiative people who don't
have cars make their way to the house
while those who own cars go the other
way to collect them elliott alma and a
few others go straight to the house on
their way to my surprise alma confesses
her friendship with joey to elliot but
it turns out she did actually just have
a tyra missy with him and no it's not
slang for hooking up in the other group
suddenly oster stops in his tracks then
everyone else in front of him does the
same ironic that the leader is the first
one to be infected he says one or two
things about his gun being his best
friend then shoots himself dead the
others follow the lead including the
crazy plant man and his wife eliot's
group hears the gunshot but does not
know what to do elliott with his science
teacher abilities deduces that the toxin
stimulates when people are in larger
groups so he asks everyone to separate
into smaller groups two teenage boys
join elliott alma and jess they run away
and reach a house in the middle of
nowhere they get in and stay for a while
but elliott knows soon other people will
start coming there they cannot risk
being there for long so they continue
walking away from the place as they
reach afar elliott sees other groups
approaching the house as he has expected
suddenly they freeze we know the drill
by now this time a man runs a lawn mower
and lays down in front of it people are
getting creative with every suicide the
group then walks far away and reaches
another house alma claims jess needs
some food and water so they knock on the
door the people inside don't want to let
them in because they think the group
will bring the poison in guess what
elliot does then he sings a song he says
it's to sound normal so that the people
would let them in but randomly singing
while in a conversation really elliot
the teenage boys aren't having it though
one of them starts cursing the owners
and calling them out the owner simply
brings his rifle out and shoots the guy
dead the man is not playing he shoots
the other one too elliot takes his
family and flees as fast as he can then
we see the condition of people around
the country some wear poison masks
inside the house some stay in the
bathtub for some reason and some people
like always think it's the government's
tactic to control the population i'm not
even going to explain this one the news
says that the nuclear bases in the
northeast might be leaking some gas
however no one knows for sure why all
this is happening and when it will end
the sun is about to set when the three
reach an old house it seems deserted
from afar but when elliot gets near he
sees an old woman sitting outside she
seems to not know anything happening in
the outside world elliot doesn't speak a
single word but she invites him for
supper there is a 90 chance this woman
is a serial killer but the family has no
other choice as they eat the woman tells
him she grows her own food and doesn't
keep up with anything from the outside
world that is because they don't care
about her and she doesn't care about
them jess tries getting a cookie in
front of her but the woman slaps her
hand poor jess the woman's crazy side is
showing she lets them stay in the house
for the night but somehow manages to say
it very aggressively honestly they
should run when they are in the room
elliott notices her standing in the
doorway in her nightgown she asks
elliott if they plan to steal something
elliott's surprise tells her that they
aren't then she asks him if they plan to
murder her in her sleep honestly they
should run
elliot is just as confused as us but the
woman doesn't utter a word and just
returns the night ends and the family
comes out of it alive elliot is looking
for the crazy mofo around the house when
he finds a porcelain doll lying on her
bed i swear this woman keeps the body
parts of every person she has killed
inside that doll she startles elliot
from behind him and accuses him of
trying to steal she aggressively tells
him to get out of the house right now
and goes out of the house herself he
follows her and tries to explain
everything but sees her acting weird
which is kind of hard to tell because
she has always acted weird but now she
is acting infected by the suicide toxin
weird he runs inside and quickly shuts
the door alma and jess are in the
outhouse to eliot's horror the woman
starts banging her head on the window
eventually killing herself he goes to a
room of the house from where he can talk
to alma at the outhouse with the help of
some weird old technology the previous
house owner used he tells her to stay in
the outhouse with jess because the toxin
is now affecting people who are alone as
well they talk about their first date
and at that moment realize how much they
love each other the two decide if they
die they are going to die together then
they come out of the house and meet in
the middle alma also brought jess out
putting the little girl's life in danger
but none of them are infected power of
love the scene cuts to three months
later jess now lives with elliot and
alma and they love her as their own the
news claims that the toxin was let out
by plants in the air something a high
school teacher had already deduced the
toxin spread ended suddenly at 9 the
next morning no one knows why that
happened basically there is no
explanation as to what happened and why
it happened then we see alma taking a
pregnancy test that comes out positive
she tells elliot about the pregnancy
happily cut to luxembourg gardens paris
the park is filled with people when
suddenly everyone stops in their tracks
suggesting that similar events are about
to take place there as well
absolutely fantastic
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries